Some LED operations for PIC18F4620 microcontroller. Code is written in PIC assembly language.

Application Behavior
The application has 3 phases. For ease of understanding , the buttons will be associated with the following names:
Pin      Button Name     
RB2  ->   UP/RIGHT
RB1  ->   DOWN/LEFT
RB0  ->   TOGGLE
RB3  ->   CONFIRM


The application should perform the designated action for a button only when that particular button is released.
A line refers to subsequent LEDs in a row being ON. A shape refers to the collection of lines etched in a row since the
beginning of the application.



Start-Up :
In this phase, initialize your application and then turn all of the LEDs on all of rows ON for 1000±50 msecs,
and then turn them OFF. Your application should not be responsive to button presses/releases etc. during this
period. Immediately move on to row selection phase after turning off the LEDs with the topmost row selected
and no row has any shape drawn on (meaning they are all OFF).




Row Selection Phase:
In this phase, the user selects which row to draw a line on. The LEDs on the selected row should blink with
intervals of 200±50 msecs. The blinking should override any previously drawn shape on that row.
The user can use UP/DOWN buttons to make the row above/below the selected row the new selected row. If
moving up/down is not possible (e.g. pressing UP when the selected row is the topmost row) the action should
have no effect. If a selected row has a previously drawn shape, switching from this row to another 
row should reveal this shape (which was overriden by blinking when the row was selected).
The TOGGLE button inverts the colors (toggles each LED) in the underlying shape of the selected row. Again,
this should be only apparent when the selected row changes as the blinking overrides the shape seen on a row.
The CONFIRM button finalizes the decision on the selected row and transitions the application to drawing
phase.




Drawing Phase :
In this phase, a candidate line is added to the previously drawn shape in the selected row. This addition
is similar to ”regular” drawing, the ON LEDs on the candidate line should turn previously OFF LEDs ON. The
candidate line is always of length 1 and starts at the left edge of the row when drawing phase is entered, and
should be visible in the row along with the previously drawn shape throughout the entire phase.
The TOGGLE button switches between the left or right edge of the line as the selected edge. The right edge
is always selected by default when drawing phase is entered.
The RIGHT/LEFT buttons move the selected edge right or left in the row. However, the line length can never
be shorter than 1 and the right edge can not move past the left edge / vice versa. As the line is modified, the
change should be visible in the row.
The CONFIRM button permanently etches the line into the row shape and should transition the application
back to row selection phase with the current selected row as the candidate selected row again (meaning the row
should start blinking).



Code is resistant against debouncing issues. Irregular pulses which have period shorter than 10msec will not affect program.  
hex, pcf and pzw files are also provided. Code can be run after uploading these files to the Picsimlab.